# starter
To develop an app that would prove to be vital in situations which require immediate actions, such as disasters. This app would contain activities which would help the common people to notify their needs at times of disasters. During natural calamities, the neighbouring places would contribute either in terms of essentials or in terms of money, but one can't be sure that people who are in the area of disaster receive the most required materials on time , so this app would allow the people to select the materials they need immediately and that data can be sent to the server of the suppliers, which can be further extended at the back end where the disaster management team can notify the victims that their request has been acknowledged and that the materials are on the way. Further in cases of emergency the users can send their current location with a click of the button using this app, which would play a vital role in suggesting the police personnel the places where people are in need of help. Further by sharing the location they can notify the police in case if their neighbours or family members are missing which otherwise would be an arduous task.Along with this location sharing there is also an option where people can send the details of missing person, the location where they were last seen and they can even upload the photo of the missing person. This would make the searching operations even more easier. The users can also be provided with the facility to take screen shot of the location and send the same through a normal message in case if there is no internet facility.Moreover in places where there is no internet facility there is an option through which people can select their essentials and that would be converted into a normal message and will be sent to the NGO's who segregate and supply the essentials to the areas affected by the disaster. Along with these in case of medical emergency, if people in remote areas cannot reach out to hospitals  on time then there is an option which would help them to  contact doctors who would direct them with the first aid procedure, moreover people who are in need of medicines can also select the same, which would be then received and responded to by the disaster management team. In this app for demonstration purpose the details of the material and medicine requirements are being copied to a mail and sent to the required office. Thus this app helps to improve the rescue and relief operations, in case if the user doesn't get the essentials they can notify the suppliers which would help them know that the materials haven't been supplied and would help them to root out the problems. This would prevent the commotions involved during material supply at times of disaster. Thus this app can prove to be beneficial during disasters 
